{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tx0\pardeftab720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Step 1: Reflection
\fs24 \
Which existing websites out there most inspired your web site design thus far?
\b0 \
Long-scrolling sites have been the trend for awhile because of their great translatability to mobile. As a snobby designer I naturally at first avoided this as I valued being different. However, now that I\'92m designing a website self I have adopted the idea completely. So I guess you can say a lot of websites were my inspiration. \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 Which parts of the design are you most proud of?
\b0 \
\pard\tx0\tx220\pardeftab720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 Overall I\'92m just very proud of the progress I\'92ve made and how my site is actually starting to look even better than I first imagined it. \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 What struggles did you encounter in your design process?
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 I have had a lot of struggles and frustrations, and almost every one of them ends up just being a typo or a missing tag or something simple. It\'92s easy to go crazy in css and miss out on the little important details.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 Which struggles did you encounter during page development?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 Most of the problems I\'92ve had in page development were with the media I have like videos and audio. Other than that I just need to continue to organize and clean up selectors, classes, and id\'92s.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 What did you learn from making your project responsive?
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 I\'92ve learn that the idea of responsiveness is quite simple, but execution can be very difficult if even a single is not ready for it. Designing with mobile in mind is imperative, but what\'92s even more imperative is preparing the content and elements correctly on a desktop first. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 Step 2: Reviews
\b0\fs24 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b medium.com
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 You can tell that this site is mostly used on hand held devices. There is a lot of white space that shows up on a desktop that goes away on a smaller screen. I personally like how if feels most when its around a tablet size screen. But it is very functional and design is consistent throughout each page. I will say that the two columns of posts and then top posts kind of battle for my attention. This is eliminated when shrunk down to a phone size screen. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 spectrumpowderworks.com\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \
Well, all of these sites from Group 2 are very outdated and suffer severely from design inconsistencies and lack of best practices. On this one specifically, images are stretched, colors are clashing, and content is almost impossible to read/interact with when the screen size is smaller. The only content on the home page is just navigation to other pages, which is very inconvenient for the user, especially on a mobile device.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl448\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \
\
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cb1 \
}